# Web Application Development with Java Project


The final project entails, building a dynamic web application with all the concepts learned during this semester. 
The page will contain all the basics of any enterprise web application like login, browse, shopping cart, add items to cart, check out, email and confirmation. 
Each team must capture their project requirements and findings and present them along with a demo of the web application at the end of the semester.


## Requirements


Your project must have the following characteristics:

* It must allow multiple user options. That is, the user should not be restricted to a specific sequence of actions. They should be able to choose the action they will take next (find information, choose a product, view the cart, etc.).
* It must involve session data related to users (such as a shopping cart, list of courses, etc.).
* It must have a good user interface. I don't expect anything too elaborate but the pages generated by the system should be readable and uniform. 
* It must require input validation. Any errors should be trapped by the system and presented to the user as informative error messages (instead of Tomcat exception pages).
* You don't have to use a database to store the data but must session and Java Beans to store data (Database usage is encouraged though).
* At least one or two pages must implement SSL.
* The system that you implement should follow the Model-View-Control architecture. That is, requests should be handled by one or more Servlets, responses should be generated using Java Server Pages, and implementation of the session and interaction with the appropriate Value Objects.